---
layout: post
title:  Spring Quarter Update
date:   2018-04-29 23:30
description: Spring Quarter Update
---
Hi All!

I am posting now to write about the classes I am taking this quarter and the various projects I will be taking part in and concepts I am learning. 

This quarter, I am taking: 

- ECS 170: Artificial Intelligence
- ECS 174: Computer Vision
- TCS 198: Game Platforms
- TCS 40A: Media History

The artificial Intelligence is an updated take on AI taught by Professor Joshua McCoy, where we learn the many modern approaches to artificial intelligence. More specifically, 
my classmates and I will be engaging in 5 week long group projects in which we implement concepts of artificial intelligence to the game Starcraft II. 

Computer vision uses MATLAB to teach concepts in applying filters, edge detection algorithm, seam carving, object detection, clustering, and more to photos. Here I engage in these ideas with
problem sets implementing various algorithms I learn about in class.

My game platforms class involves quarter long group projects mimicking the indie game development cycle to create polished and whole game experiences using the Pico-8 fantasy console. 

Lastly, media history deals with various media theorists and their interpretation of optical media through the 19th century. 


I am excited to post weekly updates regarding my group's artificial intelligence project and progress on my Pico-8 team! For now, we are still in the pitching phase, but should be finding out and forming teams soon. 
